- [Instructor] Version two of the Twitter API
includes a filtered stream endpoint that pushes tweets
with certain content to a developer's client application.
Interaction with the streaming endpoint
is slightly different than your typical synchronous call.
So let's take a high level look
at how the integration occurs.
The interaction starts by the client registering
up to 25 filters that specify queries
that will be used to match tweets.
These filters are established by sending a post
to the rules endpoint on the Twitter API.
The rules are specified in the JSON requests body
and can be as simple as a key word
or can use a complex set of operators
found in the documentation.
In addition to creating new filters, the API also allows us
to delete filters we're no longer using.
After a client registers their filters,
they make a connection to the API's stream endpoint.
Now, when a user makes a tweet,
Twitter determines if the tweet matches the client's rule.
And, if it does, it's passed on to the client
via their stream.
If the rule doesn't match, it's not passed.
This will continue until the connection
between the API and the client is severed.
Until that point, the client will receive
a stream of tweets from the platform
with content that matches their registered rules.
In our next lesson, we're going to see
how Spring's web client can be used to interact
with the Twitter API's streaming endpoint.